---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cratedb_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-cratedb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  To retrieve a cluster.
---

# cratedb_cluster (Data Source)

To retrieve a cluster.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The id of the cluster.

### Read-Only

- `allow_custom_storage` (Boolean) The allow custom storage flag.
- `allow_suspend` (Boolean) The allow suspend flag.
- `backup_schedule` (String) The backup schedule.
- `channel` (String) The channel of the cluster.
- `crate_version` (String) The CrateDB version of the cluster.
- `dc` (Attributes) The DublinCore of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dc))
- `deletion_protected` (Boolean) The deletion protected flag.
- `external_ip` (String) The external IP address.
- `fqdn` (String) The Fully Qualified Domain Name.
- `gc_available` (Boolean) The garbage collection available flag.
- `hardware_specs` (Attributes) The hardware specs of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hardware_specs))
- `health` (Attributes) The health of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health))
- `ip_whitelist` (Attributes List) The IP whitelist of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_whitelist))
- `last_async_operation` (Attributes) The last async operation of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--last_async_operation))
- `name` (String) The name of the cluster.
- `num_nodes` (Number) The number of nodes in the cluster.
- `origin` (String) The origin of the cluster.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the cluster.
- `product_name` (String) The product name of the cluster.
- `product_tier` (String) The product tier of the cluster.
- `product_unit` (Number) The product unit of the cluster.
- `project_id` (String) The project id of the cluster.
- `subscription_id` (String) The subscription id of the cluster.
- `suspended` (Boolean) The suspended flag.
- `url` (String) The URL of the cluster.
- `username` (String) The username of the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--dc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dc`

Read-Only:

- `created` (String) The created time.
- `modified` (String) The modified time.


<a id="nestedatt--hardware_specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_specs`

Read-Only:

- `cpus_per_node` (Number) The cpus per node.
- `disk_size_per_node_bytes` (Number) The disk size per node in bytes.
- `disk_type` (String) The disk type.
- `disks_per_node` (Number) The disks per node.
- `heap_size_bytes` (Number) The heap size in bytes.
- `memory_per_node_bytes` (Number) The memory per node in bytes.


<a id="nestedatt--health"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health`

Read-Only:

- `last_seen` (String) The last seen time.
- `running_operation` (String) The type of the currently running operation. Returns an empty string if there is no operation in progress.
- `status` (String) The health status of the cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--ip_whitelist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_whitelist`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) The CIDR.
- `description` (String) The description.


<a id="nestedatt--last_async_operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_async_operation`

Read-Only:

- `dc` (Attributes) The DublinCore of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--last_async_operation--dc))
- `id` (String) The id of the last async operation.
- `status` (String) The status of the last async operation.
- `type` (String) The type of the last async operation.

<a id="nestedatt--last_async_operation--dc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_async_operation.dc`

Read-Only:

- `created` (String) The created time.
- `modified` (String) The modified time.
